# Attendees
- Michael Wong  
- 

# Info
- HI all, welcome to the Datacenter/Cloud Computing SIG. Hope everyone is well.
- We would like to propose regular meeting every 4 weeks at 10 AM ET, 10 PM Beijing, 7 AM PT, 8 AM MT, 3 pm UK, 4 pm Europe, 1500 UTC

- This meeting should be in the RISC-V calendar, and you should have it if you are subscribed. Here are the coordinates

·  Meeting link: https://zoom.us/j/2908455492

·  Passcode: 614308

·  Join link: https://zoom.us/j/2908455492?pwd=LzJRRFNSS0NHUVpocUhuczl6VURxdz09

- At this meeting, we will welcome new members and process a package for WG Chairs approval of the charter
- We've already established a GitHub community for your SIG.  The repo is: https://github.com/riscv-admin/datacenter. 
- The direct link is: https://lists.riscv.org/g/sig-datacenter and the email address of the reflector is sig-datacenter@...


# Agenda

- Agenda
  - iterate over https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UAK0qfyrw8IzNkKZqlO03N2XGkyWMmHHrZ-iOEDlqaA/edit#slide=id.geaff7e3e97_0_100
- Action Items
  - Stephano/Michael to conect with OpenCompute: Ongoing
  - Ziaoning/Qian to add to CPU
  - Michael to parepare initial package to SIG startup submission: DONE

# Minutes
  - reviewed draft charter 1.0 https://github.com/riscv-admin/datacenter/blob/main/CHARTER.md
  - Nov 29: reviewing slide 14, 15, 16
  - select 4 prirotized items
  - Many of you just finished watching or returned from RISC-V Summit. On Day 2, after Krste Asanović’s SOTU address, Datacenter was the subject of the Keynote on Tuesday by Charlie Su, and a Panel where our vice-chair Jing Yang of Alibaba was part of the illustrious panel of experts. I urge you to watch that series as it details some excellent directions for our SIG
  - In the mean time, our group is urged by the CTO to prioritize our Analysis and present this before the WG Chairs meeting scheduled in the week of Jan 24. Currently, we intend to put together the following points with the remaining points put to future TBD items:
1.	CPU emulation
2.	Accelerators
3.	IS improvement
4.	OS-A Server extensions
in a package which I will prepare for discussion on the email reflector so that it can be reviewed by the group.

For future meetings, we plan to cancel the normally scheduled (4 week cadence) Dec 27 call, and replace it with an optional Jan 10 call where we might review the chairs package.

Our current 2022 call schedule is as follows:
Jan 10, 2022 7 AM PT, 10 AM ET, 15:00 UTC
Jan 24, 2022 7 AM PT, 10 AM ET, 15:00 UTC
Feb 21, 2022 7 AM PT, 10 AM ET, 15:00 UTC
March DST change when I will book a new series of meetings. 

  - Nov 1  interests: reviewed slide12 CPU, 13: acceelerator and  added relevant itmes and interested parties
  - Review preliminary Charter to become final charter
